Nevitium Business Manager 2007 R1

Nevitium is software created for small businesses, and entrepenuers.

Create invoices with ease.
Store valuble customer information and access it easily.
Access a customer's invoices from the customer screen.
Store products and easily insert them into an invoice
Easily view past and current invoices by customer, date, etc..
Track open invoices with the Invoice Manager and an easy 'Open Invoice Report'.
No exccessive features, just the basics.
Many smart design features to save time and prevent frustrating tasks.




I use a simple paper record system; why should I use a computer to store my information?

The Customer!  I have walked into small businesses (retail etc.) just to find several people trying to find a simple business record for their customer.  While they are doing this several people have come and gone from the store, un-engaged!  In a small business it is extremely important to give each customer ample time and attention.  Each customer must be engaged.

When your business grows things will get out of hand quickly.  A small busines can accumulate thousands of pieces of paper in a short time.  Instead of the records residing neatly in a database (out of site) they are everywhere, the office, house, storage.  Costly both in time and money.   

You may not believe this but it is easier to get your price when your documents look professional, these days professional means computer generated.      

You are required to keep records for years, this is hardly a thought when you use a PC to store your information.  It is a costly messy venture with troves of paper.

You can quicly compile reports and obtain valuble tax information is SECONDS not minute, hours or days!

When you have an easy to use professional software system you can train an assistant to service customers while you are away.  Instead of excuses your assistant can offer quick effective service!  

Customer service again; you can look up a customer in seconds and apply them to an invoice.  Products are even easier to find with a bar code scanner(optional).

Great looking invoices can be expensive; the cost with Nevitium is the price of a piece of paper.


Concentrate on the sale not the records.  Save the embarrasment and lost sales.


